What is it?
===========

`process-explorer-web` is a nodejs application to manage processes on a linux
system. It is also possible to run it on Android using the
[process-explorer-app](http://github.com/opersys/process-explorer-app) Android
project.

Installation
============

Requirements
------------

Process Explorer has been tested with Node.js 0.10. It has not been tested with
the latest version. You can get an older version Node.js at the following URL:
http://nodejs.org/dist/.

You'll then need `grunt-cli` to build and package the application:

> $ npm install --global grunt-cli

Then in order to `grunt pack`, you will need to install the dependencies
locally:

> $ npm install

Build pswalk.node
-----------------

`pswalk.node` is a Node.js extension to fetch process information ona a Linux
system.

### ARM architecture

We have already built them for you, but in case you want to reproduce the
binaries, check the `bin/arm/README.md` for more information.

### ia32 / amd64 architecture

In the root directory, run the following to install required makefiles:

> $ node-gyp configure

Then, build the application:

> $ node-gyp build

Resulting binary will be installed in `build/Release/pswalk.node`.

Move the binary into its place, so that it will be packaged:

> $ mv build/Release/pswalk.node bin/ia32 # (or bin/x64)

Packaging with grunt
--------------------

Given a working node and Grunt install, simply run:

> grunt pack

The package will be installed in the `dist` directory.

Using Process Explorer
======================

After you've packaged the nodejs app, simply run the following:

> node dist/app.js

And browse to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) !

Running on Android
==================

If you want to run Process Explorer on Android, you will have to generate the
assets that will be used by the
[Process Explorer Android application](https://github.com/opersys/process-explorer-app).

The `process-explorer-app` project requires `process-explorer-web` to run
correctly on Android. Thoses assets are generated by the `grunt pack` command
so you simply have to copy the resulting files to your `process-explorer-app`
work tree.

The assets will be output in the `out/` directory and can be copied directly into
the `assets` directory of the `process-explorer-app` project.

> cp out/process-explorer.zip out/process-explorer.zip.md5sum \
    ../path/to/process-explorer-app/app/src/main/assets/

Licensing
=========

See the `NOTICE` file.

Contributors
============

* François-Denis Gonthier <francois-denis.gonthier@opersys.com> -- main developer and maintainer
* Karim Yaghmour <karim.yaghmour@opersys.com> -- ideas and other forms of entertainment
* Benjamin Vanheuverzwijn <benjamin.vanheuverzwijn@opersys.com> -- contributor
